Add workflow preview diagram (#3139)
clockworklabs/SpacetimeDB: docs/docs/index.md

Speed and latency is achieved by holding all of your application state in memory, while persisting data to a commit log which is used to recover data after restarts and system crashes.

## Application Workflow Preview

<figure>
    <img src="/images/workflow-preview-diagram.png" alt="SpacetimeDB Application Workflow Preview" style="width:100%">
    <figcaption style="margin-top: 10px;" align="center">
        <b align="center">SpacetimeDB Application Workflow Preview</b>
    </figcaption>
</figure>

The above illustrates the Workflow that happens when using SpacetimeDB.

> * All clientside reads happen with the data view that is cached locally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* All client-side reads happen with the data view that is cached locally.
```

> * Clientside subscriptions tell the server what data client cares about and wants to be synced within its data view. Changes to data will be pushed by the server to the clientside cache.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Client-side subscriptions tell the server what data client cares about and wants to be synced within its data view. Changes to data will be pushed by the server to the client cache.
```

> * RLS filters restrict the data view serverside before subscriptions are evaluated. These filters can be used for access control or client scoping.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* RLS filters restrict the data view server-side before subscriptions are evaluated. These filters can be used for access control or client scoping.
```
